What's a Chaffle?
A chaffle is a low-carb, cheese-and-egg-based waffle that's taken the keto world by storm, thanks to its fluffy texture and crispy edges. We opted to use Cheddar for the cheese and added scallions and parsley for a sweet and savory twist on the popular dish. For the fluffiest chaffle, use only finely shredded cheese––it will blend better with the egg than large shreds.

What's a Papeta par Eda?
The most amazing egg recipes in India are found in the Parsi community, but papeta par eda (eggs over potatoes) is hands-down my favorite. You can have it for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a snack. Sometimes it’s even prepared with potato chips instead of sliced potatoes! If you have any leftover cooked potatoes, you can reheat them in a small skillet and poach a fresh egg on top. Sprinkle with some more chopped cilantro and you have a delicious dish in minutes.

What's a Tortilla Breakfast Wrap?
Inspired by the Egg and Cheese Bread Omelet, we made a complete breakfast wrap--tortilla, eggs, spinach, cheese and ham included--entirely in one skillet, for a go-to dish you can make in a hurry. Enjoy right out of the pan or with a few dashes of your favorite hot sauce.

What's a Oatmeal-Glazed Breakfast Cake?
This hearty cake is packed with oats, flavored with cinnamon and topped with a warm glaze made with more oats, shredded coconut and nuts. We used pecans, but feel free to use whatever you have on hand. It's a great way to clean out the pantry and simple enough for kids to help with. Bake one on a Sunday and enjoy it all week long for breakfast or as a snack! It's delicious at room temperature or lightly warmed in the microwave.

What's Cold Brew Iced Coffee?
This recipe makes just two servings of cold brew, so if you're new to the method, it will be a good test batch to see exactly how strong you want your steep to be. Once you've found your sweet spot of brewing time, you can double, triple or even quadruple the yield. The strained concentrate will keep tightly sealed in the fridge for up to a week.

What's a Full Irish Breakfast?
When the Irish call this a full breakfast, they’re not kidding. We’ve given you all the traditional components here, but if you’re looking for a smaller meal, feel free to mix and match. Irish bacon is leaner than American-style bacon, so Canadian bacon is the closest substitute. If you’re feeling ambitious, you can also bake a loaf of soda bread to stand in for your toast.

What's Pancakes?
Nothing beats a stack of fluffy, golden, totally homemade pancakes, especially when you’ve got an easy step-by-step recipe that lets you mix, flip and serve them up in about 20 minutes. They’re the ultimate breakfast with butter and maple syrup, but these are also great with jam, whipped cream or even chocolate sauce. You can also customize your pancakes with mix-ins like chocolate chips, nuts, blueberries or bananas.

What's Menemen?
Turkish scrambled eggs and tomatoes is an easy breakfast dish that you can find all around the country. In Iran, the same dish is called “omelet.” There has always been a debate whether menemen should have onions or not and the result is always a 50/50 split. Other variations of menemen use cheese (such as kaşar) or Turkish dry sausage (also known as sucuk). This dish is originally made with Turkish sweet green pepper (yeşil biber) but here I substituted easier-to-find Italian sweet pepper (cubanelle). Other good options include green bell pepper or sweet banana pepper.

What's Egg-Stuffed Bacon and Cheese Muffins?
Enjoy a full breakfast in one loaded muffin: soft-boiled eggs included! Inspired by the beloved muffins from San Francisco bakery Craftsman and Wolves that have taken patrons and TikTok enthusiasts by storm, we gave these muffins a unique spin with crispy bacon and salty Irish Cheddar studded in each bite. Make sure not to overbake--doing so could turn the beautifully jammy eggs to hard-boiled in a matter of minutes. Serve these warm on their own, or with a sprinkle of flaky sea salt and hot sauce for a transportable, savory, breakfast.

What's 2-Ingredient Bagels?
These shortcut bagels call for just two ingredients and take less than an hour to come together—no yeast or rising time required thanks to the use of self-rising flour. And unlike in traditional recipes, you don't need to par-boil the bagels before baking. You may want to brush the top of the bagels with egg wash and sprinkle with your favorite toppings, though they will taste great without this extra step.

What's Pancake Bread?
This is our take on the popular Trader Joe's breakfast bread. We've added a little more maple syrup and brown sugar, for a sweeter version. It keeps well in the freezer; just throw a slice in the toaster to reheat.

What's Avocado Toasts?
There are two secrets to these simple avocado toasts: rubbing the bread with garlic for just a hint of flavor and adding a pop of crunchy sea salt on top.

What's Nai Wong Bao?
As an early morning accompaniment to hot milk tea or the end to a flavorful dim sum brunch, steamed custard bao is the perfect combination of warm pillowy dough and lightly sweet creamy filling. It's a pairing that fills the soul. The Chinese name, nai wong bao, translates to milk yellow bun. The milk refers to the milk-enriched dough, the yellow to the bright filling and the bun is just another word for bao. Custard powder isn't a traditional ingredient in the buns, but it's an easy way to boost the creamy flavor and yellow color of the filling.

What's Waffles with Blueberry Compote and Lemon Ricotta Cream?
Lemon Ricotta Waffles with a Fresh Blueberry Compote are the perfect way to celebrate the pairing of lemon & blueberries in fluffy waffles.

What's a Hash Brown Omelet?
We took the classic diner breakfast of an omelet and hash browns and combined them into a no-fuss dish that's both hearty and satisfying. Frozen shredded hash browns are browned in a skillet until golden and crisp, then cooked directly with the eggs for crusty potatoes in every bite. We also loaded the inside of the omelet with sautéed bell peppers, Canadian bacon, tomatoes and melty cheese and topped the whole thing with avocado slices for the ultimate diner-style meal you can easily make at home.

What's Hong Kong Egg Tarts?
Chinese egg tarts come in a few varieties: these tarts hail from Hong Kong and consist of a puff pastry crust with a slightly less sweet and rich filling than other versions. They are enjoyed throughout the year for breakfast or as an after-school or mid-afternoon snack. In Hong Kong, there are specific bakeries that specialize in egg tarts; when a fresh batch is hot out the oven, the beautiful sweet aroma travels down the block to attract customers.

What's Sausage Gravy Breakfast Lasagna?
Layers of sausage gravy, cheese and noodles work so magically together, you'll wonder why you never ate lasagna for breakfast before.

What's Lentil Frittata?
Perfect for a hearty breakfast, lunch or dinner, this lentil frittata is an absolute favorite. The lentils add a nice nuttiness balanced by the potatoes and feta. To bring it all together, we top the frittata with chopped kalamata and green olives plus a good drizzle of olive oil. You can make this dish ahead of time and enjoy it for a few days since it keeps well in the fridge and reheats nicely, too.

What's Quick and Easy Bacon, Egg and Cheese?
Any New Yorker will tell you a good bacon, egg and cheese (BEC) sandwich is the best way to start your day, and most likely you already have everything you need in your pantry to whip one up. The key elements to a great BEC are the melted cheese, scrambled egg that nestles perfectly onto the bread without falling off and salty crispy bacon. To make sure the cheese stays melted, we fold it into the center of the eggs just as they finish cooking so it stays warm. We found that by preparing eggs like an omelet ''package'' instead of scrambling them and topping them with cheese allowed us to adjust the size of our eggs to perfectly fit the size of our bread and hold our cheese in the ideal melted state. When you can't get to your corner deli or coffee cart, you can whip up this breakfast icon in the time it takes to walk out the door.

What's Healthy Banana Bread Muffins?
A banana bread muffin so light, fluffy and tender, you'd never guess it's made with mostly whole-wheat flour. Using very ripe bananas keeps the muffins moist and minimizes the amount of sugar you add.

What's French Toast?
Brioche and challah bread make the best French toast. Both are already so eggy that once dipped in the batter and griddled in butter they become custard-like on the inside. The nicely browned and caramelized outside is thanks in part to the added sugar in the egg mixture. And playing with the flavor is easy: This recipe has a touch of warmth from cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Here’s a pro tip: Make sure you don’t over-soak the bread. Fully submerge it in the batter for only a few seconds and let any excess drip off before cooking. And wait for the bubbles from the melted butter to subside — that’s when you know your pan is hot enough.

What's Cinnamon Rolls?
Once you've tried "from-scratch" cinnamon rolls, you'll never go back! The secret to our rolls is the wet, buttery dough and double rising time. Once baked, they will be light and pillowy and full of buttery cinnamon goodness on the inside.

What's Sheet-Pan Bacon Egg Sandwich?
This ingenious method allows you to fry your bacon and cook more than a dozen eggs right on a sheet pan in the oven, eliminating all that time standing in front of the stove.

What's Chocolate Chip Banana Pancake Bites?
These banana pancake bites are loaded with chocolate chips and a touch of ground cinnamon. Plus, they come together quickly in your Instant Pot®. Serve with warm maple syrup for dipping.

What's Acai Breakfast Bowl?
While acai bowls are relatively new in the United States, they've been a staple in Brazil since, well forever. Acai is a purple berrylike fruit of a palm tree native to Central and South America. It's packed with antioxidants (anthocyanins) and omega-3 fatty acids. We used unsweetened frozen puree, which has a pleasant flavor with slight olive oil notes. Add the traditional toppings and this bowl is loaded with fiber.

What's Food?
Food is any substance consumed by an organism for nutritional support. Food is usually of plant, animal, or fungal origin and contains essential nutrients such as carbohydrates, fats, proteins, vitamins, or minerals. The substance is ingested by an organism and assimilated by the organism's cells to provide energy, maintain life, or stimulate growth. Different species of animals have different feeding behaviours that satisfy the needs of their metabolisms and have evolved to fill a specific ecological niche within specific geographical contexts.Omnivorous humans are highly adaptable and have adapted to obtain food in many different ecosystems. Humans generally use cooking to prepare food for consumption. The majority of the food energy required is supplied by the industrial food industry, which produces food through intensive agriculture and distributes it through complex food processing and food distribution systems. This system of conventional agriculture relies heavily on fossil fuels, which means that the food and agricultural systems are one of the major contributors to climate change, accounting for as much as 37% of total greenhouse gas emissions.[1]The food system has significant impacts on a wide range of other social and political issues, including sustainability, biological diversity, economics, population growth, water supply, and food security. Food safety and security are monitored by international agencies like the International Association for Food Protection, the World Resources Institute, the World Food Programme, the Food and Agriculture Organization, and the International Food Information Council.

What is Pizza?
Pizza (/ˈpiːtsə/ PEET-sə, Italian: [ˈpittsa]; Neapolitan: [ˈpittsə]) is a dish of Italian origin consisting of a usually round, flat base of leavened wheat-based dough topped with tomatoes, cheese, and often various other ingredients (such as anchovies, mushrooms, onions, olives, vegetables, meat, etc.), which is then baked at a high temperature, traditionally in a wood-fired oven. The term pizza was first recorded in the year 997, in a Latin manuscript from the southern Italian town of Gaeta, in Lazio, on the border with Campania. Raffaele Esposito is often credited for creating modern pizza in Naples. In 2009, Neapolitan pizza was registered with the European Union as a traditional speciality guaranteed dish. In 2017, the art of making Neapolitan pizza was added to UNESCO's list of intangible cultural heritage. Pizza and its variants are among the most popular foods in the world. Pizza is sold at a variety of restaurants, including pizzerias (pizza specialty restaurants), Mediterranean restaurants, via delivery, and as street food. In Italy, pizza served in a restaurant is presented unsliced, and is eaten with the use of a knife and fork. In casual settings, however, it is typically cut into slices to be eaten while held in the hand. Pizza is also sold in grocery stores in a variety of forms, including frozen or as kits for self-assembly. They are then cooked using a home oven. In 2017, the world pizza market was US$128 billion, and in the US it was $44 billion spread over 76,000 pizzerias. Overall, 13% of the U.S. population aged two years and over consumed pizza on any given day.

What's a Taco?
A taco (US: /ˈtɑːkoʊ/, UK: /ˈtækoʊ/, Spanish: [ˈtako]) is a traditional Mexican food consisting of a small hand-sized corn- or wheat-based tortilla topped with a filling. The tortilla is then folded around the filling and eaten by hand. A taco can be made with a variety of fillings, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, beans, vegetables, and cheese, and garnished with various condiments, such as salsa, guacamole, or sour cream, and vegetables, such as lettuce, onion, tomatoes, and chiles. Tacos are a common form of antojitos, or Mexican street food, which have spread around the world.Tacos can be contrasted with similar foods such as burritos, which are often much larger and rolled rather than folded; taquitos, which are rolled and fried; or chalupas/tostadas, in which the tortilla is fried before filling.

What's Spaghetti?
Spaghetti (Italian: [spaˈɡetti]) is a long, thin, solid, cylindrical pasta.[1] It is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine. Like other pasta, spaghetti is made of milled wheat, water, and sometimes enriched with vitamins and minerals. Italian spaghetti is typically made from durum-wheat semolina.[2] Usually the pasta is white because refined flour is used, but whole wheat flour may be added. Spaghettoni is a thicker form of spaghetti, while spaghettini is a thinner form. Capellini is a very thin spaghetti, sometimes known colloquially as "angel hair pasta", while Vermicelli refers to intermediate widths, varying between the United States and Italy.Originally, spaghetti was notably long, but shorter lengths gained in popularity during the latter half of the 20th century and now it is most commonly available in 25–30 cm (10–12 in) lengths. A variety of pasta dishes are based on it and it is frequently served with tomato sauce, meat or vegetables.

What's Chicken?
Chicken is the most common type of poultry in the world.[1] Owing to the relative ease and low cost of raising chickens—in comparison to mammals such as cattle or hogs—chicken meat (commonly called just "chicken") and chicken eggs have become prevalent in numerous cuisines.

What's a Burrito?
Burritos are filled with savory ingredients, most often a meat such as beef, chicken, or pork, and often include other ingredients, such as rice, cooked beans (either whole or refried), vegetables, such as lettuce and tomatoes, cheese, and condiments such as salsa, pico de gallo, guacamole, or crema.

What's cereal
A cereal is a grass cultivated for its edible grain. Cereals are the world's largest crops, and are therefore staple foods. They include rice, wheat, rye, oats, barley, millet, and maize. Edible grains from other plant families, such as buckwheat and quinoa are pseudocereals. 

Favorite Food
I like everything! Yummy! Yummy!

